Reorganize and restructure Organization docs (#2758)
clerkinc/clerk-docs: docs/guides/organizations/create-and-manage.mdx

- [`<OrganizationSwitcher />`](/docs/reference/components/organization/organization-switcher) - A dropdown menu that handles all organization flows, including switching between organizations and managing the active organization's profile.
- [`<OrganizationList />`](/docs/reference/components/organization/organization-list) - A list of organizations that a user is a member of, with options to switch between them.

If the prebuilt components don't meet your needs, you can build [custom flows](/docs/guides/development/custom-flows/overview) using the Clerk API.

## Switch between organizations

Users who belong to multiple organizations can switch between them at any time. The currently selected organization is called the active organization.

The [`<OrganizationSwitcher />`](/docs/reference/components/organization/organization-switcher) component provides the easiest way for users to switch between organizations. If you need more control over the switching logic, you can use the `setActive()` method from the [`useOrganizationList()`](/docs/reference/hooks/use-organization-list) hook, or access it directly from the [`Clerk`](/docs/reference/javascript/clerk#set-active) object.

> If [personal accounts are enabled](/docs/guides/organizations/configure#allow-personal-accounts), users can also switch to their personal account using the `<OrganizationSwitcher />` component.

Author: ```suggestion
## Switch between organizations

Users who belong to multiple organizations can switch between them at any time. The currently selected organization is called the active organization.

The [`<OrganizationSwitcher />`](/docs/reference/components/organization/organization-switcher) component provides the easiest way for users to switch between organizations. If you need more control over the switching logic, you can use the `setActive()` method from the [`useOrganizationList()`](/docs/reference/hooks/use-organization-list) hook, or access it directly from the [`Clerk`](/docs/reference/javascript/clerk#set-active) object.

If [personal accounts are enabled](/docs/guides/organizations/configure#allow-personal-accounts), users can switch to their personal account using the `<OrganizationSwitcher />` component.
```

i dropped the "also", this was c/p from the existing docs (https://clerk.com/docs/guides/organizations/overview#manage-organizations-in-your-application) and would be nice to call out to switch between personal accounts and orgs
